HTTP Priority header (#34399)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/headers/index.md

  - : Links generated code to a [source map](https://firefox-source-docs.mozilla.org/devtools-user/debugger/how_to/use_a_source_map/index.html).
- {{HTTPHeader("Upgrade")}}
  - : This HTTP/1.1 (only) header can be used to upgrade an already established client/server connection to a different protocol (over the same transport protocol). For example, it can be used by a client to upgrade a connection from HTTP 1.1 to HTTP 2.0, or an HTTP or HTTPS connection into a WebSocket.
- {{HTTPHeader("Priority")}}

>   - : Provides a hint from the client as to the priority of a resource request on a particular connection as an absolute value.

Author: ```suggestion
  - : Provides a hint from about the priority of a particular resource request on a particular connection.
    The value can be sent in a request to indicate the client priority, or in a response if the server chooses to reprioritize the request.
```
